[Music]
with so many virtual meetings on your
schedule what if you had a better way to
meet
introducing Microsoft teams premium
built on the familiar team's experience
it helps you make every meeting more
personalized intelligent and protected
quickly discover the meeting insights
that matter most to you even if you miss
the meeting get the right online
meetings set up as easily as picking the
right meeting spot
Elevate webinar experiences for any
audience whether you're creating new
connections or generating leads make
virtual appointments with customers as
easy and personalized as if you were
together in person and collaborate with
confidence knowing that confidential
information is protected with additional
controls like watermarking don't just
meet meet better with Microsoft teams
premium
[Music]